Research Part 1

Why do we start with research? Well, you need to understand your market,
your customer, the competitor's products that are out there, other solutions,
what the market likes about those solutions and what it doesn't like, the pain
points, really everything. You need a holistic, broad view of the landscape and
that's the way you're going to write the most effective copy.
(00:30)
What ends up happening a lot of the time is that writers think they know the
market and maybe they do know a few things about the market so they skip on
or skip research entirely and it's almost always detrimental to copy because
they're sort of guessing at what the market wants to hear. But what we can
do is actually, the market can tell us what they want to hear, what they want
us to write about and all of that. We can do that in the market's own language
because as you're going to see after we've reviewed these questions that
we're going to answer, these research questions, we'll actually go and do
some examples in real time and you'll be able to see that you can basically
take what the market is saying and then appropriate that into your sales copy,
so you're talking to them from their language.
(01:18)
So with that being said, what I'm going to do here is I'm going to run through
the different research questions that I like to ask and answer and we're going
to do that on a broad level. I'm going to kind of just run through them with you
and then from there, like I said, we'll actually go through and pick a couple of
examples and do those on screen so you can get a really good feel for what
this process looks like.
(01:36)
So the first thing we're going to tackle is insights into the demographic of
the market that you're targeting. There are some basic questions like who's
your customer, what attitudes do they have, what their hopes and dreams are,
what their victories and failures are, what outside forces do they believe have
prevented their best life, what are their prejudices and then we're going to sum
up their core beliefs about life, love and family in one to three sentences. So
as far as who your customer is, this would be the stuff like 55 plus, primarily
male, middle income, living in the United States or living abroad kind of the
basic, broader stuff generally or housewives who are between the ages of 40
and 65, whatever it is.
(02:22)
You generally will have a feel for this before you start writing the copy. If
you don't, there's some analytic tools that you can use that will help to give
you these insights and I'll share those with you in a little bit here, but pretty
basic, right. As far as what attitudes do they have, religious, political, social,
economic; this stuff's really important because for example, if your market is
primarily Christian, then you should know that because the language you use
is going to be geared towards other Christians. Or if they're Muslim or Jewish
or whatever, it's worth knowing or noting that. If they aren't, if it's a very broad
market, if you're writing to a bunch of atheists, if you're writing to a bunch of
20-year-old biohackers who are really highly educated and listen to the Tim
Ferriss podcast, a high percentage of those people probably actually aren't
religious and so you have to weigh that. If you're really religious, great, but you
may need to weigh how you're approaching it.
(03:20)
Politics, same thing. If they're all highly skewed conservative, then your
language is going to be very different than if they skew liberal. Socially, similar
ideas about the role of government and it's kind of political but also social,
what they think about education, just all kinds of social beliefs and things that
they may have. We want to capture all of that because again, when it does
come time to write to our audience, we want to do it in a way that we're just
reflecting back upon them, that we are a familiar voice to them. We want to
be a familiar voice; somebody who they know and trust immediately because
we are speaking their language.
(03:59)
Same thing with economic, too. If they're lower class, middle class, upper
class, are they retirees, are they big savers, are they big spenders, are they big
shoppers; we want to understand their attitudes about the economy in general
and things like that. What are their hopes and dreams? Super important because
we want to know what are they really looking to achieve not just as far as the
product goes, but in life. Are they looking to retire at a age of 50 or 30 or 40, are
they hoping to live to be a 100, are they hoping to start a business and become
a billionaire or a millionaire? We want to know what their hopes and dreams
are and we want to know about their victories and failures in life in general, but
especially, as it pertains to the product and their pain point, too, I should say.
So where have they been successful with their problems so far and where have
they failed and we want to find all that and capture that information.
(04:59)
Next, we want to look at what outside forces do they believe have prevented
their best life. So for example, if they're like, "Wall Street is rigged and that's
why I can never get ahead financially" or "Big pharma is crooked and their
healthcare costs are why I'm not healthy" or "If I had just gone to college, I
could be a millionaire." People always, not always, but a lot of people have
stories that they tell themselves and they tell others about why they're not
where they want to be in their lives and in my opinion, it's because it's easier
to blame somebody else than to look in the mirror to actually make really
hard, concrete changes. So almost all of us have these narratives or stories;
we want to capture, the ones that your market is telling consistently.
(05:44)
What are their prejudices? So this is their attitudes, stereotypes, things like
that. I don't mean it in terms of race or things of that nature, but I mean it as
far as what prejudices do they have like, Italians are great cooks or something
like that. I mean, that's a silly one, but maybe. I was talking of a stylist, she's
a Latina and she was talking about how they look at, I forget what, some
other groups, I guess influencers who dress and show up at work in yoga
outfits and stuff like that. She was saying how, to them, that's silly and dumb
because they like to dress up and look their best. So for her and her tribe,
that wouldn't make sense to show up in the office in yoga pants. So that's a
prejudice because oh, these influencer, millennial people showing up in yoga
pants, they don't get it. If your market has a belief like that and you can then
reflect that in the copy, it's another way of signaling, "Hey, I understand. I'm
one of you. You're totally right," and if you can do that, you build rapport, trust
and it's going to be a lot easier to sell to those people down the road.
(06:59)
Finally, we want to sum up their core beliefs about life, love and family in one
to three sentences. So this is really where we sum up a statement of who this
person is. They're typically between the ages of 45 and 65, they believe that
the economy is rigged and the political system is broken, but that's something
they can live with because family is everything. They think that marriage is
sacred and they believe that the greatest gift in the world is being a loving
parent to children and grandchildren. Something like that maybe or something
that just sums up their core beliefs. We want to do that as well.
(07:45)
So like I mentioned, I'm going to do a couple of examples of research and
record myself doing them in real time for you and a couple of verticals. So
we'll cover all of these and you'll see concrete examples. I know examples are
really helpful, but I'd rather just run through each of the things here first and
then that way, I can do the research in one fell swoop instead of having it be
more disjointed. With that being said, let's move on to the next part of this,
which is other existing solutions.
(08:12)
So one of the questions we've got is what is the market already using? We
want to list that out. So if you're doing weight loss, then are they using other
supplements, they're dieting, keto, personal trainers, gym memberships,
workout courses online, whatever they're listing and we're going to again,
find out places to find these answers. We want to list these out and we want
to know what has their experience been like with these existing solutions
that the market's already using. So really like, are they using them a lot, do
they use them a little, did they stop using them like what has their experience
been like? Really, these two are almost like sub-bullets of this one because
we're like well, what does the market like about the existing solutions? So
maybe it's that it's fast and easy, maybe it's that they've gotten results, they
have lost weight, maybe they feel like it's something that they can do even
though they're elderly or they have some kind of preexisting health condition
but they could still lose weight using the weight loss example. Whatever it
is, we want to capture all of that and then we also want to capture what the
market dislikes about the existing solutions.
(09:23)
So maybe it's hard or it's a starvation diet or the ingredients give them diarrhea.
Whatever it is, we want to capture that as well and why do we want to capture
that? Well, simple because when we're going to be selling our product or
solution to them, we want to know if what they like about existing solutions
is also incumbent or inherent in the solution that we are offering. We want to
point that out, but then we also want to differentiate. How is ours different?
Well, unlike other solutions that have this, this, this, this, this thing that you
don't like, our solution doesn't have those things or "You buy a product and it
has this thing that you dislike? Us, too. That's why we created our product so
it doesn't have that solution," product or service. Does that make sense?
(10:10)
We have to know what the market is actually thinking because the whole time
a prospect is going through the sales copy, not the whole time, but especially
as you're sharing your product with them and that part of the copy, they're
thinking about okay, well is this really different than this thing I've tried in the
past? Or they're thinking about stuff that they've tried in the past that's similar
that didn't give them the results that they wanted or maybe got them some
results that they wanted, but there were side effects or things they didn't like
about it. So we want to be able to talk to all that and answer those objections
while highlighting and strengthening our product and also, differentiating it
from other solutions.
(10:50)
This question is really cool, too. Are there horror stories about existing
solutions? The reason we want to find that out - and again, I'll show you where
to find them, is if there are true horror stories, we can take those and use those
in our sales copy. They make really compelling copy if you can share stories
about existing solutions where people used them and things went horribly
wrong, then that will captivate and capture people get their attention. Plus
obviously, it can really help to discredit or dissuade them from thinking that
another solution is better than yours.
(11:21)
This is a really fundamental question: does the market believe that existing
solutions work? Because there's different types of customers and if they
believe that there are existing solutions that work already, then you actually
have more work to do. It's fine, but if you're trying to sell fuel for cars and
you're trying to be like - because we all know gasoline doesn't work, then the
market's going to be like, "Screw you." Of course, it works. I put gas in my car
every week or every two weeks and my car runs. So you have to then work
harder. However, if you're trying to sell something that's, I guess maybe a get
rich, become a millionaire things. There's probably more of a jaded market
there where a portion of the market that believes that if I invest properly I can
become a millionaire, but there's a lot of people believing no. Why? For reasons
up above, their prejudices and what's preventing them from living their best
life like, "Well, I don't make enough money," "I don't have a job because I have
a college degree," "I'm a bad saver, I'm bad with money," "I have bad credit."
All of these things and then so that may influence them and make them think
that existing solutions don't work. So if that's the case and they don't believe
that existing solutions work, then we are going to answer that question with
why. Why don't they believe it?
(12:48)
[... truncated for brevity ...] 